c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\QLKhoHang.exe.config
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\QLKhoHang.exe
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\QLKhoHang.pdb
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.xml
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.Form1.resources
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.exe.licenses
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.exe
c:\users\hong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.pdb
E:\github\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\bin\Debug\QLKhoHang.exe.config
E:\github\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.exe
E:\github\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\QLKhoHang\obj\Debug\QLKhoHang.pdb
